
 SUBLIME  TEXT

Install Sublime text.
Open sublime  then ctrl + shift + p  search and install package control. Restart sublime text.
ctrl + shift + p   select package control: install package then search for  the following packages.
babel
sidebar enhancements 
a file icon
git gutter
bracket highlighter
material  theme
oceanic next color scheme
Restart Sublime text.

Copy recommended material theme settings from material theme's git hub(https://github.com/equinusocio/material-theme) . Open sublime
text settings under preferences. A new window will  open  containing the settings of sublime text. On the right handside of the new window
just before the closing parentheses paste the default  setting of material theme.


Now under preferences you can change the color ,theme e.t.c.

To change the font download from google (e.g roboto font) and copy the font over to control panel - fonts(or its linux variant). Then under
preferences - settings on sublime text in the default material theme settings  you just added  you can add " font_face" : " Roboto Mono",
as the last line of those settings

In sublime text open view - syntax  then set sublime text to be opening all current extensions with babel for ES6 and beyond compatibility.




GITHUB


Create new repo on git hub and set it to public...for now . Intialize it with a read me for description purposes. (if it already exists move to the second point)

Copy the link to the new created repo on github and make sure the link is in https.

On the terminal inside your working directory(cd into it) run this command git clone the attach your copied http repo link i.e. git clone https://github.com/kevindev20/ubuntu-testing.git

Copy over your project files (if any) into the newly created  git repo on you pc. Then cd into that repo so that you can ran git commands.

Use this link https://askubuntu.com/questions/730754/how-do-i-show-the-git-branch-with-colours-in-bash-prompt to enable viewing which branch your on in the terminal  on ubuntu/linux.

In the terminal run the following commands to use git:-
													(a) git status --> to view th status of the files in your new working directory.
													(b) git  add  . --> to add monitoring  for changes and commiting ,to all the files in your working directory.t
																			To add indvidual files you can do something like this:  git add index.html . i,e  as the add . adds all the files.
													(c) git commit  -m "you comments go hia"	---> to commit the file/s.
													(d) git push  --> to push you repo to git hub
																			







